# Loss Prevention Service

## Getting Started

### Dependencies
#### Hardware
One of the following:
- USB Webcam (Tested and validated using `Logitech C920`)
- PoE Camera
- WiFi Camera

#### Software
- `git`
- `docker`
- `docker-compose`
- `rsp-sw-toolkit-gw`
- `inventory-suite`

### Build Instructions
Compile the Go source code, create the docker images, and start the docker-compose services

> :warning: **_Notice_**
>
> Replace `GIT_TOKEN=...` with your access token generated from `github.impcloud.net` like so: `GIT_TOKEN=abc34f2323fcda2ad23`

```bash
sudo GIT_TOKEN=... make -j iterate
```

> The first time you run this it may take quite some time. Grab some :coffee:.

> To stop the docker services gracefully, simply press `Ctrl-C` in your terminal. Press `Ctrl-C` a second time to kill the containers.


### Application Flow
- Make REST calls to the `EdgeX Command Service` to retrieve information about the RSP sensors. 
  - The application needs to know which RSP sensors are `EXIT` personality, as well as the aliases for each RSP in order to perform lookups of `alias -> device_id`.   
- Subscribe to `ZeroMQ` to receive `inventory_event` messages from EdgeX CoreData
  - When an event is received, pass it on the the Trigger Logic to determine whether to trigger a recording.

### Trigger Logic
- Event type is `moved`
- Previous location is **not** an `EXIT` personality sensor
- Current location **is** an `EXIT` personality sensor
- SKU matches `skuFilter` wildcard from [`docker-compose.yml`](docker-compose.yml) (`"*"` matches everything)
- EPC matches `epcFilter` wildcard from [`docker-compose.yml`](docker-compose.yml) (`"*"` matches everything)
- Another recording is not currently in progress

### Web Interface
The web interface is integrated with the Angular [`Demo UI`](http://localhost:4200/loss-prevention). It provides a way to view previous recordings including any people/objects detected. Recordings can also be deleted from the web ui.

#### Docker build explanation
This project consists on 3 Dockerfiles and one docker compose file.

- [`Dockerfile.builder`](Dockerfile.builder) is based on `Ubuntu 18.04` and consists of `Intel OpenVINO` _development_ packages, `Go` compiler, as well as various Debian packages needed to compile the source code. It is setup for build caching in order to speed up subsequent builds.
- [`Dockerfile.runtime`](Dockerfile.runtime) is based on `Ubuntu 18.04` and consists of `Intel OpenVINO` _runtime_ packages, as well as various Debian packages needed for running the compiled application.
- [`Dockerfile`](Dockerfile) is based on the image generated by [`Dockerfile.runtime`](Dockerfile.runtime). It combines the runtime image with the compiled Go binary and a few scripts and configuration files. This generates the final docker image that will be run by docker compose.

- [`docker-compose.yml`](docker-compose.yml) contains the service description and configuration for running the Loss Prevention Example App. It also contains an [`nginx`](docker-compose.yml#L111-L124) service which hosts the static recorded files for use with the web interface. 
